docs/api-whitelist.md, before:

---
id: WhiteList
title: WhiteList
---
# contract WhiteList
is [WhiteListInterface](api-whitelistinterface.md), [Withdrawable](api-withdrawable.md), [Utils](api-utils.md)\
imports [WhiteListInterface](api-whitelistinterface.md), [ERC20Interface](api-erc-20-interface.md), [Withdrawable](api-withdrawable.md), [Utils](api-utils.md)

*Source*: [WhiteList.sol](https://github.com/KyberNetwork/smart-contracts/blob/v1.0.0/contracts/WhiteList.sol)

The WhiteList contract's role is to set the trading cap of different user categories and for changing the category of a user.
___

## INDEX

<AUTOGENERATED_TABLE_OF_CONTENTS>

## REFERENCE

### Events

### `CategoryCapSet`
Event logging for the setting the trading cap for the category.
___
event __CategoryCapSet__(uint category, uint sgdCap)
| Parameter  | Type | Description  |
| ---------- |:----:|:------------:|
| `category` | uint | category ID |
| `sgdCap`   | uint | trading cap in SGD amount |

<br />

### `SgdToWeiRateSet`
Event logging of setting the exchange rate of SGD to ETH.
___
event __SgdToWeiRateSet__(uint rate)
| Parameter | Type  | Description                          |
| --------- |:-----:|:------------------------------------:|
| `rate`    | uint  | conversion rate of SGD to ETH in wei |

<br />

### `UserCategorySet`
Event logging of setting of user category.
___
event __UserCategorySet__(address user, uint category)
| Parameter   | Type    | Description    |
| ----------- |:-------:|:--------------:|
| `user`      | address | user's address |
| `category ` | uint    | category ID of user   |

<br />

### Functions

### `WhiteList`
Contract constructor. Note that constructor methods are called exactly once during contract instantiation and cannot be called again.
___
function __WhiteList__(address \_admin, ERC20 \_kgtToken) public
| Parameter   | Type    | Description               |
| ----------- |:-------:|:-------------------------:|
| `_admin`    | address | admin's wallet address    |
| `_kgtToken` | ERC20   | ER20 token address of KGT |

<br />

### `getUserCapInWei`
Get the user's trading cap in wei.
___
function __getUserCapInWei__(address user) external view returns (uint)
| Parameter | Type    | Description    |
| --------- |:-------:|:--------------:|
| `user`    | address | user's address |
**Returns:**\
User's trading cap in wei

<br />

### `getUserCategory`
Get the user's category.
___
function __getUserCategory__(address user) public view returns (uint) returns  view returns (uint)
| Parameter | Type    | Description    |
| --------- |:-------:|:--------------:|
| `user`    | address | user's address |
**Returns:**\
The user's category

<br />

### `setCategoryCap`
Set the trading cap for the category.
___
function __setCategoryCap__(uint category, uint sgdCap) public
| Parameter  | Type  | Description  |
| ---------- |:-----:|:------------:|
| `category` | uint  | category ID |
| `sgdCap`   | uint  | trading cap in SGD amount |
Modifiers: [onlyOperator](api-permissiongroups.md#onlyoperator)

<br />

### `setSgdToEthRate`
Set the exchange rate of SGD to ETH.
___
function __setSgdToEthRate__(uint \_sgdToWeiRate) public
| Parameter       | Type  | Description                          |
| --------------- |:-----:|:------------------------------------:|
| `_sgdToWeiRate` | uint  | conversion rate of SGD to ETH in wei |
Modifiers: [onlyOperator](api-permissiongroups.md#onlyoperator)

<br />

### `setUserCategory`
Set the exchange rate of SGD to ETH.
___
function __setUserCategory__(address user, uint category) public
| Parameter   | Type    | Description    |
| ----------- |:-------:|:--------------:|
| `user`      | address | user's address |
| `category ` | uint    | category ID of user to set to   |
Modifiers: [onlyOperator](api-permissiongroups.md#onlyoperator)

<br />

Commit message:

Large amount of updates to developer portal
- Added several new content to Guides page
- Content fixes to smart contracts on Reference page
- Added Widget section
- Added WidgetGenerator page
- Added Users page

docs/api-whitelist.md, after:

---
id: WhiteList
title: WhiteList
---
# contract WhiteList
is [WhiteListInterface](api-whitelistinterface.md), [Withdrawable](api-withdrawable.md), [Utils](api-utils.md)\
imports [WhiteListInterface](api-whitelistinterface.md), [ERC20Interface](api-erc-20-interface.md), [Withdrawable](api-withdrawable.md), [Utils](api-utils.md)

*Source*: [WhiteList.sol](https://github.com/KyberNetwork/smart-contracts/blob/v1.0.0/contracts/WhiteList.sol)

The WhiteList contract's role is to set the trading cap of different user categories and for changing the category of a user. Refer to [this section](MiscellaneousGuide#whitelist-categories-limits) for the different categories and trading caps.
___

## INDEX

<AUTOGENERATED_TABLE_OF_CONTENTS>

## REFERENCE

### Events

### `CategoryCapSet`
Event logging for the setting the trading cap for the category.
___
event __CategoryCapSet__(uint category, uint sgdCap)
| Parameter  | Type | Description  |
| ---------- |:----:|:------------:|
| `category` | uint | category ID |
| `sgdCap`   | uint | trading cap in SGD amount |

<br />

### `SgdToWeiRateSet`
Event logging of setting the exchange rate of SGD to ETH.
___
event __SgdToWeiRateSet__(uint rate)
| Parameter | Type  | Description                          |
| --------- |:-----:|:------------------------------------:|
| `rate`    | uint  | conversion rate of SGD to ETH in wei |

<br />

### `UserCategorySet`
Event logging of setting of user category.
___
event __UserCategorySet__(address user, uint category)
| Parameter   | Type    | Description    |
| ----------- |:-------:|:--------------:|
| `user`      | address | user's address |
| `category ` | uint    | category ID of user   |

<br />

### Functions

### `WhiteList`
Contract constructor. Note that constructor methods are called exactly once during contract instantiation and cannot be called again.
___
function __WhiteList__(address \_admin, ERC20 \_kgtToken) public
| Parameter   | Type    | Description               |
| ----------- |:-------:|:-------------------------:|
| `_admin`    | address | admin's wallet address    |
| `_kgtToken` | ERC20   | ER20 token address of KGT |

<br />

### `getUserCapInWei`
Get the user's trading cap in wei.
___
function __getUserCapInWei__(address user) external view returns (uint)
| Parameter | Type    | Description    |
| --------- |:-------:|:--------------:|
| `user`    | address | user's address |
**Returns:**\
User's trading cap in wei

<br />

### `getUserCategory`
Get the user's category.
___
function __getUserCategory__(address user) public view returns (uint)
| Parameter | Type    | Description    |
| --------- |:-------:|:--------------:|
| `user`    | address | user's address |
**Returns:**\
The user's category

<br />

### `setCategoryCap`
Set the trading cap for the category.
___
function __setCategoryCap__(uint category, uint sgdCap) public onlyOperator
| Parameter  | Type  | Description  |
| ---------- |:-----:|:------------:|
| `category` | uint  | category ID |
| `sgdCap`   | uint  | trading cap in SGD amount |
Modifiers: [onlyOperator](api-permissiongroups.md#onlyoperator)

<br />

### `setSgdToEthRate`
Set the exchange rate of SGD to ETH.
___
function __setSgdToEthRate__(uint \_sgdToWeiRate) public onlyOperator
| Parameter       | Type  | Description                          |
| --------------- |:-----:|:------------------------------------:|
| `_sgdToWeiRate` | uint  | conversion rate of SGD to ETH in wei |
Modifiers: [onlyOperator](api-permissiongroups.md#onlyoperator)

<br />

### `setUserCategory`
Set the exchange rate of SGD to ETH.
___
function __setUserCategory__(address user, uint category) public onlyOperator
| Parameter   | Type    | Description    |
| ----------- |:-------:|:--------------:|
| `user`      | address | user's address |
| `category ` | uint    | category ID of user to set to   |
Modifiers: [onlyOperator](api-permissiongroups.md#onlyoperator)

<br />
