docs/integrations-pluginsguide.md, before:

---
id: Integrations-PluginsGuide
title: Plugins
---
## Introduction
This guide will walk you through on adding a cryptocurrency payment gateway via the KyberWidget WooCommerce Plugin. People who use WordPress to build their websites will benefit most from this guide.

## Overview
We will cover the scenario where we walk through the.....

## Prerequisites
* PHP version 7.2+
* WordPress 3.8+
* WooCommerce 3.0+

## Step 1: Installing the plugin
### Option A: Clone Github Repo Source
1. Clone the code repo to your `/wp-content/plugins/` directory

```sh
cd <PATH>/wp-content/plugins/
git clone https://github.com/KyberNetwork/widget-woocommerce
```

2. Install the required components
```sh
composer install
```

### Option B: ZIP file
1. Download the plugin zip file [here](https://github.com/KyberNetwork/widget-woocommerce/releases/)

2. Unzip to your WordPress folder `/wp-content/plugins`


## Step 2: Activating the plugin
Activate the plugin in `/wp-admin/plugins.php`. After activation, you will find the plugin settings in your WordPress Dashboard under the WooCommerce->Payment section. Enabling the plugin will add an option to pay with tokens on the checkout page.


## Step 3: Configure the plugin
The configuration in this plugin is based on the widget configuration from the [Widget Generator](https://developer.kyber.network/docs/WidgetGenerator/), and is modified to fit the WooCommerce model. Information about the plugin settings can be found [here](references-woocommerceplugin.md#plugin-parameters).

For this guide, we use the following settings shown below. You may configure them as you wish.
| Parameter | Example |
| --------- | --------------- |
| `Title`                  | Kyber payment gateway |
| `Description`            | Pay with your coins, tokens supported by Kyber |
| `Receive Address`        | `0xf6d420FAB01826386e39664770299eADD68617da` |
| `Receive Token Symbol`   | KNC |
| `Network`                | Ropsten |
| `Mode`                   | popup |
| `Network Node Endpoint`  | https://ropsten.infura.io/v3/fb1b33 |
| `Block Confirmation`     | 40 |
| `Commission ID`          | 0x2B522cABE9950D1153c26C1b399B293CaA99FcF9 |

![WooCommerce Config](/uploads/woocommerce-1.png "Woocommerce Config")

## Step 4: Set item prices in fiat.
Set the prices of your products in fiat currency.

![Woocommerce Prices](/uploads/woocommerce-2.png "Woocommerce Prices")

After doing do, you will notice that the item prices will be displayed in fiat.

![Woocommerce Display](/uploads/woocommerce-3.png "Woocommerce Display")

## Step 5: Testing Out the Widget
Select an item for purchase and proceed to checkout. You will be presented with a similar view below.

![Woocommerce Checkout](/uploads/woocommerce-4.png "Woocommerce Checkout")

When the user pays for his shopping cart using the Kyber Payment Gateway option, the KyberWidget will handle the rest of the process. The user will be able to pay using any tokens supported by Kyber, while you (the vendor) will receive the payment in the token of your choice.

![Woocommerce Widget](/uploads/woocommerce-5.png "Woocommerce Widget")

The widget returns the transaction hash for the payment, which is used by the plugin for checking the transaction status.

![Woocommerce Broadcasted](/uploads/woocommerce-6.png "Woocommerce Broadcasted")

## Order Status
When the transaction succeeds, the order status will change from `On-Hold` to `Processing`. At this stage, the website admin or vendor will receive a notification about the successful payment of the cart, and will start processing the shipment of the products.

![Woocommerce Status](/uploads/woocommerce-7.png "Woocommerce Status")

Should the transaction fail, the order status changes from `On-Hold` to `Failed`.

### Order Flow
The order's status follows the [Managing Orders](https://docs.woocommerce.com/document/managing-orders/) flow from WooCommerce. However, when the order is in `On-Hold` status, this plugin will monitor the transaction hash using the [monitor-eth-tx](https://packagist.org/packages/tranbaohuy/monitor-eth-tx/) library.

The order status flow is summarised below.
`Order created` -> `Pending payment` -> `On-Hold` (payment broadcasted & mornitored) -> `Processing` (successful payment) OR `Failed` (failed payment)

Commit message:

Updated Plugins intro and overview

docs/integrations-pluginsguide.md, after:

---
id: Integrations-PluginsGuide
title: Plugins
---
## Introduction
Like Widgets, plugins are another type of integration that websites and applications can easily leverage on to interact with our protocol implementation. There is currently one plugin: the KyberWidget WooCommerce Plugin, allowing people who are familiar with WordPress and WooCommerce to easily incorporate this plugin into their websites.

## Overview
This guide will walk you through on adding a cryptocurrency payment gateway to an existing WordPress site via the KyberWidget WooCommerce Plugin.

## Prerequisites
* PHP version 7.2+
* WordPress 3.8+
* WooCommerce 3.0+

## Step 1: Installing the plugin
### Option A: Clone Github Repo Source
1. Clone the code repo to your `/wp-content/plugins/` directory

```sh
cd <PATH>/wp-content/plugins/
git clone https://github.com/KyberNetwork/widget-woocommerce
```

2. Install the required components
```sh
composer install
```

### Option B: ZIP file
1. Download the plugin zip file [here](https://github.com/KyberNetwork/widget-woocommerce/releases/)

2. Unzip to your WordPress folder `/wp-content/plugins`


## Step 2: Activating the plugin
Activate the plugin in `/wp-admin/plugins.php`. After activation, you will find the plugin settings in your WordPress Dashboard under the WooCommerce->Payment section. Enabling the plugin will add an option to pay with tokens on the checkout page.


## Step 3: Configure the plugin
The configuration in this plugin is based on the widget configuration from the [Widget Generator](https://developer.kyber.network/docs/WidgetGenerator/), and is modified to fit the WooCommerce model. Information about the plugin settings can be found [here](references-woocommerceplugin.md#plugin-parameters).

For this guide, we use the following settings shown below. You may configure them as you wish.
| Parameter | Example |
| --------- | --------------- |
| `Title`                  | Kyber payment gateway |
| `Description`            | Pay with your coins, tokens supported by Kyber |
| `Receive Address`        | `0xf6d420FAB01826386e39664770299eADD68617da` |
| `Receive Token Symbol`   | KNC |
| `Network`                | Ropsten |
| `Mode`                   | popup |
| `Network Node Endpoint`  | https://ropsten.infura.io/v3/fb1b33 |
| `Block Confirmation`     | 40 |
| `Commission ID`          | 0x2B522cABE9950D1153c26C1b399B293CaA99FcF9 |

![WooCommerce Config](/uploads/woocommerce-1.png "Woocommerce Config")

## Step 4: Set item prices in fiat
Set the prices of your products in fiat currency.

![Woocommerce Prices](/uploads/woocommerce-2.png "Woocommerce Prices")

After doing do, you will notice that the item prices will be displayed in fiat currency.

![Woocommerce Display](/uploads/woocommerce-3.png "Woocommerce Display")

## Step 5: Testing Out the Widget
Select an item for purchase and proceed to checkout. You will be presented with a similar view below.

![Woocommerce Checkout](/uploads/woocommerce-4.png "Woocommerce Checkout")

When the user pays for his shopping cart using the Kyber Payment Gateway option, the KyberWidget will handle the rest of the process. The user will be able to pay using any tokens supported by Kyber, while you (the vendor) will receive the payment in the token of your choice.

![Woocommerce Widget](/uploads/woocommerce-5.png "Woocommerce Widget")

The widget returns the transaction hash for the payment, which is used by the plugin for checking the transaction status.

![Woocommerce Broadcasted](/uploads/woocommerce-6.png "Woocommerce Broadcasted")

## Order Status
When the transaction succeeds, the order status will change from `On-Hold` to `Processing`. At this stage, the website admin or vendor will receive a notification about the successful payment of the cart, and will start processing the shipment of the products.

![Woocommerce Status](/uploads/woocommerce-7.png "Woocommerce Status")

Should the transaction fail, the order status changes from `On-Hold` to `Failed`.

### Order Flow
The order's status follows the [Managing Orders](https://docs.woocommerce.com/document/managing-orders/) flow from WooCommerce. However, when the order is in `On-Hold` status, this plugin will monitor the transaction hash using the [monitor-eth-tx](https://packagist.org/packages/tranbaohuy/monitor-eth-tx/) library.

The order status flow is summarised below.
`Order created` -> `Pending payment` -> `On-Hold` (payment broadcasted & mornitored) -> `Processing` (successful payment) OR `Failed` (failed payment)

## Advanced options
Visit the [WooCommerce Plugin Reference Page](references-woocommerceplugin.md) for more information.
