docs/integrations-smartcontractguide.md, before:

---
id: Integrations-SmartContractGuide
title: Smart Contract
---
[//]: # (tagline)
## Introduction

This guide will walk you through on how you can interact with our protocol implementation at a smart contract level. The most common group of users that can benefit from this guide are Dapps.

## Risk Mitigation

There are some risks when utilising Kyber. To safeguard users, we kindly ask that you refer to the "Risk Mitigation" section on what these risks are, and how to mitigate them.

## Overview

We will cover 2 scenarios of integration; the first being a new smart contract integration with our smart contracts. The second is integrating an already deployed smart contract with our protocol implementation.

## Things to note

1. If possible, minimise the use of `msg.sender` within your smart contract. If you were to call a function within the wrapper contract, `msg.sender` [is the wrapper contract address](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/28972/who-is-msg-sender-when-calling-a-contract-from-a-contract) instead of your wallet address.
2. We will make use of the [ERC20 Interface](https://github.com/KyberNetwork/smart-contracts/blob/master/contracts/ERC20Interface.sol) and [KyberNetworkProxy](https://github.com/KyberNetwork/smart-contracts/blob/master/contracts/KyberNetworkProxy.sol) smart contracts
3. The main functions to incorporate into your smart contract(s) are [`getExpectedRate()`](api_abi-kybernetworkproxy.md#getexpectedrate) and [`trade()`](api_abi-kybernetworkproxy.md#trade) of `KyberNetworkProxy.sol`.
4. When converting from Token to ETH/Token, the user is required to call the `approve` function **first** to give an allowance to the smart contract executing the `transferFrom` function.
5. To prevent front running, the contract limits the gas price trade transactions can have. The transaction will be reverted if the limit is exceeded. To query for the maximum gas limit, check the public variable `maxGasPrice`.

```js
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

let maxGasPrice = await KyberNetworkProxyContract.methods.maxGasPrice().call();
```

## New Smart Contract Integration

### Pragma and imports

We use Solidity compiler version 0.4.18 for deploying our sample contract. You are free to use later compiler versions, but note that you will [not be able to interact with any tokens that are deployed with versions earlier than 0.4.22](https://medium.com/coinmonks/missing-return-value-bug-at-least-130-tokens-affected-d67bf08521ca?ref=tokendaily).

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

pragma solidity 0.4.18;

import "./ERC20Interface.sol";
import "./KyberNetworkProxy.sol";
```

### Define variables and events

Next, we define all variables and events that will be used in our new contract. We need a local variable that points to the existing KyberNetworkProxy contract instance and an event to emit when a trade is performed.

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

// Variables
KyberNetworkProxy public kyberNetworkProxyContract;

// Events
event Swap(address indexed sender, ERC20 srcToken, ERC20 destToken);
```

### Define constructor for deploying the contract

In our constructor, the KyberNetworkProxy address will be passed as an argument which will be stored in the local variable that we created earlier.

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

/**
 * @dev Contract constructor
 * @param _kyberNetworkProxyContract KyberNetworkProxy contract address
 */
function MyContract(
    KyberNetworkProxy _kyberNetworkProxyContract
) public {
    kyberNetworkProxyContract = _kyberNetworkProxyContract;
}
```

### Define a function to get conversion rates

We can now define the necessary functions for interacting with the protocol implementation. The first function to create is a function that returns the conversion rate given the `srcToken`, `srcQty` and `destToken` parameters.

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

/**
 * @dev Gets the conversion rate for the destToken given the srcQty.
 * @param srcToken source token contract address
 * @param srcQty amount of source tokens
 * @param destToken destination token contract address
 */
function getConversionRates(
    ERC20 srcToken,
    uint srcQty,
    ERC20 destToken
) public
  view
  returns (uint, uint)
{
  return kyberNetworkProxyContract.getExpectedRate(srcToken, destToken, srcQty);

}
```

### Define a function to perform the token trade

The second function that we need to create is a function to execute the swap to convert `srcQty` amount of `srcToken` to `destToken`. There is a `maxDestAmount` that the swap will convert to. The new tokens will be sent to the `destAddress`.

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

/**
 * @dev Swap the user's ERC20 token to another ERC20 token/ETH
 * @param srcToken source token contract address
 * @param srcQty amount of source tokens
 * @param destToken destination token contract address
 * @param destAddress address to send swapped tokens to
 * @param maxDestAmount max destination amount to swap
 */
function executeSwap(
    ERC20 srcToken,
    uint srcQty,
    ERC20 destToken,
    address destAddress,
    uint maxDestAmount
) public {
    uint minConversionRate;

    // Check that the token transferFrom has succeeded
    require(srcToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), srcQty));

    // Mitigate ERC20 Approve front-running attack, by initially setting
    // allowance to 0
    require(srcToken.approve(address(kyberNetworkProxyContract), 0));

    // Set the spender's token allowance to tokenQty
    require(srcToken.approve(address(kyberNetworkProxyContract), srcQty));

    // Get the minimum conversion rate
    (minConversionRate,) = kyberNetworkProxyContract.getExpectedRate(srcToken, destToken, srcQty);

    // Swap the ERC20 token and send to destAddress
    kyberNetworkProxyContract.trade(
        srcToken,
        srcQty,
        destToken,
        destAddress,
        maxDestAmount,
        minConversionRate,
        0 //walletId for fee sharing program
    );

    // Log the event
    Swap(msg.sender, srcToken, destToken);
}
```

### Full code example

**Note: The following code is not audited and should not be used in production. If so, it is done at your own risk.**

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

pragma solidity ^0.4.18;

import "./ERC20Interface.sol";
import "./KyberNetworkProxy.sol";

contract MyContract {
    // Variables
    KyberNetworkProxy public kyberNetworkProxyContract;

    // Events
    event Swap(address indexed sender, ERC20 srcToken, ERC20 destToken);

    // Functions
    /**
     * @dev Contract constructor
     * @param _kyberNetworkProxyContract KyberNetworkProxy contract address
     */
    function MyContract(
        KyberNetworkProxy _kyberNetworkProxyContract
    ) public {
        kyberNetworkProxyContract = _kyberNetworkProxyContract;
    }

    /**
     * @dev Gets the conversion rate for the destToken given the srcQty.
     * @param srcToken source token contract address
     * @param srcQty amount of source tokens
     * @param destToken destination token contract address
     */
    function getConversionRates(
        ERC20 srcToken,
        uint srcQty,
        ERC20 destToken
    ) public
      view
      returns (uint, uint)
    {
      return kyberNetworkProxyContract.getExpectedRate(srcToken, destToken, srcQty);

    }

    /**
     * @dev Swap the user's ERC20 token to another ERC20 token/ETH
     * @param srcToken source token contract address
     * @param srcQty amount of source tokens
     * @param destToken destination token contract address
     * @param destAddress address to send swapped tokens to
     * @param maxDestAmount address to send swapped tokens to
     */
    function executeSwap(
        ERC20 srcToken,
        uint srcQty,
        ERC20 destToken,
        address destAddress,
        uint maxDestAmount
    ) public {
        uint minConversionRate;

        // Check that the token transferFrom has succeeded
        require(srcToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), srcQty));

        // Mitigate ERC20 Approve front-running attack, by initially setting
        // allowance to 0
        require(srcToken.approve(address(kyberNetworkProxyContract), 0));

        // Set the spender's token allowance to tokenQty
        require(srcToken.approve(address(kyberNetworkProxyContract), srcQty));

        // Get the minimum conversion rate
        (minConversionRate,) = kyberNetworkProxyContract.getExpectedRate(srcToken, destToken, srcQty);

        // Swap the ERC20 token and send to destAddress
        kyberNetworkProxyContract.trade(
            srcToken,
            srcQty,
            destToken,
            destAddress,
            maxDestAmount,
            minConversionRate,
            0 //walletId for fee sharing program
        );

        // Log the event
        Swap(msg.sender, srcToken, destToken);
    }
}
```

## Existing Smart Contract Integration

The steps for integrating an existing smart contract is similar to those of integrating a new smart contract. The only difference is that you'll be wrapping multiple functions from the deployed contracts within a single function in the wrapper contract. You can find an example of a wrapper contract [here](https://etherscan.io/address/0xf462b7dc7d85b416034833ee4f4e40906795c9f4#code).

## Filtering Out Permissionless Reserves

By default, reserves that were listed permissionlessly are also included when performing `getExpectedRate()` and `trade()`. Depending on the jurisdiction where your platform is operating in, you may be required to exclude these reserves. To filter them out, use the `tradeWithHint()` function. Refer to [this section](api_abi-kybernetworkproxy.md#hint) for more information.

## Fee Sharing Program

You have the opportunity to join our _Fee Sharing Program_, which allows fee sharing on each swap that originates from your platform. Learn more about the program [here](integrations-feesharing.md)!

Commit message:

Edited feed security, added links as per Victor's feedback

docs/integrations-smartcontractguide.md, after:

---
id: Integrations-SmartContractGuide
title: Smart Contract
---
[//]: # (tagline)
## Introduction

This guide will walk you through on how you can interact with our protocol implementation at a smart contract level. The most common group of users that can benefit from this guide are Dapps.

## Risk Mitigation

There are some risks when utilising Kyber. To safeguard users, we kindly ask that you refer to the [Slippage Rates Protection](integrations-slippagerateprotection.md) and [Price Feed Security](integrations-pricefeedsecurity.md) sections on what these risks are, and how to mitigate them.

## Overview

We will cover 2 scenarios of integration; the first being a new smart contract integration with our smart contracts. The second is integrating an already deployed smart contract with our protocol implementation.

## Things to note

1. If possible, minimise the use of `msg.sender` within your smart contract. If you were to call a function within the wrapper contract, `msg.sender` [is the wrapper contract address](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/28972/who-is-msg-sender-when-calling-a-contract-from-a-contract) instead of your wallet address.
2. We will make use of the [ERC20 Interface](https://github.com/KyberNetwork/smart-contracts/blob/master/contracts/ERC20Interface.sol) and [KyberNetworkProxy](https://github.com/KyberNetwork/smart-contracts/blob/master/contracts/KyberNetworkProxy.sol) smart contracts
3. The main functions to incorporate into your smart contract(s) are [`getExpectedRate()`](api_abi-kybernetworkproxy.md#getexpectedrate) and [`trade()`](api_abi-kybernetworkproxy.md#trade) of `KyberNetworkProxy.sol`.
4. When converting from Token to ETH/Token, the user is required to call the `approve` function **first** to give an allowance to the smart contract executing the `transferFrom` function.
5. To prevent front running, the contract limits the gas price trade transactions can have. The transaction will be reverted if the limit is exceeded. To query for the maximum gas limit, check the public variable `maxGasPrice`.

```js
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

let maxGasPrice = await KyberNetworkProxyContract.methods.maxGasPrice().call();
```

## New Smart Contract Integration

### Pragma and imports

We use Solidity compiler version 0.4.18 for deploying our sample contract. You are free to use later compiler versions, but note that you will [not be able to interact with any tokens that are deployed with versions earlier than 0.4.22](https://medium.com/coinmonks/missing-return-value-bug-at-least-130-tokens-affected-d67bf08521ca?ref=tokendaily).

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

pragma solidity 0.4.18;

import "./ERC20Interface.sol";
import "./KyberNetworkProxy.sol";
```

### Define variables and events

Next, we define all variables and events that will be used in our new contract. We need a local variable that points to the existing KyberNetworkProxy contract instance and an event to emit when a trade is performed.

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

// Variables
KyberNetworkProxy public kyberNetworkProxyContract;

// Events
event Swap(address indexed sender, ERC20 srcToken, ERC20 destToken);
```

### Define constructor for deploying the contract

In our constructor, the KyberNetworkProxy address will be passed as an argument which will be stored in the local variable that we created earlier.

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

/**
 * @dev Contract constructor
 * @param _kyberNetworkProxyContract KyberNetworkProxy contract address
 */
function MyContract(
    KyberNetworkProxy _kyberNetworkProxyContract
) public {
    kyberNetworkProxyContract = _kyberNetworkProxyContract;
}
```

### Define a function to get conversion rates

We can now define the necessary functions for interacting with the protocol implementation. The first function to create is a function that returns the conversion rate given the `srcToken`, `srcQty` and `destToken` parameters.

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

/**
 * @dev Gets the conversion rate for the destToken given the srcQty.
 * @param srcToken source token contract address
 * @param srcQty amount of source tokens
 * @param destToken destination token contract address
 */
function getConversionRates(
    ERC20 srcToken,
    uint srcQty,
    ERC20 destToken
) public
  view
  returns (uint, uint)
{
  return kyberNetworkProxyContract.getExpectedRate(srcToken, destToken, srcQty);

}
```

### Define a function to perform the token trade

The second function that we need to create is a function to execute the swap to convert `srcQty` amount of `srcToken` to `destToken`. There is a `maxDestAmount` that the swap will convert to. The new tokens will be sent to the `destAddress`.

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

/**
 * @dev Swap the user's ERC20 token to another ERC20 token/ETH
 * @param srcToken source token contract address
 * @param srcQty amount of source tokens
 * @param destToken destination token contract address
 * @param destAddress address to send swapped tokens to
 * @param maxDestAmount max destination amount to swap
 */
function executeSwap(
    ERC20 srcToken,
    uint srcQty,
    ERC20 destToken,
    address destAddress,
    uint maxDestAmount
) public {
    uint minConversionRate;

    // Check that the token transferFrom has succeeded
    require(srcToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), srcQty));

    // Mitigate ERC20 Approve front-running attack, by initially setting
    // allowance to 0
    require(srcToken.approve(address(kyberNetworkProxyContract), 0));

    // Set the spender's token allowance to tokenQty
    require(srcToken.approve(address(kyberNetworkProxyContract), srcQty));

    // Get the minimum conversion rate
    (minConversionRate,) = kyberNetworkProxyContract.getExpectedRate(srcToken, destToken, srcQty);

    // Swap the ERC20 token and send to destAddress
    kyberNetworkProxyContract.trade(
        srcToken,
        srcQty,
        destToken,
        destAddress,
        maxDestAmount,
        minConversionRate,
        0 //walletId for fee sharing program
    );

    // Log the event
    Swap(msg.sender, srcToken, destToken);
}
```

### Full code example

**Note: The following code is not audited and should not be used in production. If so, it is done at your own risk.**

```
// DISCLAIMER: Code snippets in this guide are just examples and you
// should always do your own testing. If you have questions, visit our
// https://t.me/KyberDeveloper.

pragma solidity ^0.4.18;

import "./ERC20Interface.sol";
import "./KyberNetworkProxy.sol";

contract MyContract {
    // Variables
    KyberNetworkProxy public kyberNetworkProxyContract;

    // Events
    event Swap(address indexed sender, ERC20 srcToken, ERC20 destToken);

    // Functions
    /**
     * @dev Contract constructor
     * @param _kyberNetworkProxyContract KyberNetworkProxy contract address
     */
    function MyContract(
        KyberNetworkProxy _kyberNetworkProxyContract
    ) public {
        kyberNetworkProxyContract = _kyberNetworkProxyContract;
    }

    /**
     * @dev Gets the conversion rate for the destToken given the srcQty.
     * @param srcToken source token contract address
     * @param srcQty amount of source tokens
     * @param destToken destination token contract address
     */
    function getConversionRates(
        ERC20 srcToken,
        uint srcQty,
        ERC20 destToken
    ) public
      view
      returns (uint, uint)
    {
      return kyberNetworkProxyContract.getExpectedRate(srcToken, destToken, srcQty);

    }

    /**
     * @dev Swap the user's ERC20 token to another ERC20 token/ETH
     * @param srcToken source token contract address
     * @param srcQty amount of source tokens
     * @param destToken destination token contract address
     * @param destAddress address to send swapped tokens to
     * @param maxDestAmount address to send swapped tokens to
     */
    function executeSwap(
        ERC20 srcToken,
        uint srcQty,
        ERC20 destToken,
        address destAddress,
        uint maxDestAmount
    ) public {
        uint minConversionRate;

        // Check that the token transferFrom has succeeded
        require(srcToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), srcQty));

        // Mitigate ERC20 Approve front-running attack, by initially setting
        // allowance to 0
        require(srcToken.approve(address(kyberNetworkProxyContract), 0));

        // Set the spender's token allowance to tokenQty
        require(srcToken.approve(address(kyberNetworkProxyContract), srcQty));

        // Get the minimum conversion rate
        (minConversionRate,) = kyberNetworkProxyContract.getExpectedRate(srcToken, destToken, srcQty);

        // Swap the ERC20 token and send to destAddress
        kyberNetworkProxyContract.trade(
            srcToken,
            srcQty,
            destToken,
            destAddress,
            maxDestAmount,
            minConversionRate,
            0 //walletId for fee sharing program
        );

        // Log the event
        Swap(msg.sender, srcToken, destToken);
    }
}
```

## Existing Smart Contract Integration

The steps for integrating an existing smart contract is similar to those of integrating a new smart contract. The only difference is that you'll be wrapping multiple functions from the deployed contracts within a single function in the wrapper contract. You can find an example of a wrapper contract [here](https://etherscan.io/address/0xf462b7dc7d85b416034833ee4f4e40906795c9f4#code).

## Filtering Out Permissionless Reserves

By default, reserves that were listed permissionlessly are also included when performing `getExpectedRate()` and `trade()`. Depending on the jurisdiction where your platform is operating in, you may be required to exclude these reserves. To filter them out, use the `tradeWithHint()` function. Refer to [this section](api_abi-kybernetworkproxy.md#hint) for more information.

## Fee Sharing Program

You have the opportunity to join our _Fee Sharing Program_, which allows fee sharing on each swap that originates from your platform. Learn more about the program [here](integrations-feesharing.md)!
